# Interdisciplinary @ Harvard SEAS: A tool for prospective students, industry, and academic collaborators
Harvard's CS 171: Visualization Final Project

**Team Members**:
- Nhan Huynh, nchuynh@g.harvard.edu
- Tyler Piazza, tyler_piazza@college.harvard.edu
- Barbara Bai, bai@hcp.med.harvard.edu
- Eliza Grinnell, grinnell@seas.harvard.edu

**Project Website**: https://tpiazza21.github.io/
**Project Video**: link

## Project Files

index.html: The main HTML file

css:

data:
- faculty_coauthor_matrix.csv - this is OUTDATED. This was created by an older version of the misc_code/pubmed_webscrape_with_date.py
- per_paper_vals_v1.csv  - data containing publications written by Harvard faculty. This was generated by misc_code/pubmed_webscrape_with_date.py (this is not an exhaustive list of papers). For each row, there is information about the paper, including a one-hot encoding of the authors, the title, the abstract, and the publish data (and the ID for the paper on the PubMed website).

js:
- main.js: The main file that loads in the data, creates the visualizations, and handles various button/menu interactions
- adjMatrixVis.js: The file that creates the coauthor adjacency matrix (the bar graph is separate: see wordBarVis.js).
- groupDotsVis.js: The file that creates the visualization where faculty are grouped together in dots.
- manyTableVis.js: The file that creates the research interest table visualization.
- wordbarVis.js: The file that creates the word histogram (this sits next to the visualization from adjMatrixVis.js, and they interact with similar variables)

misc_code:
- pubmed_webscrape_with_date.py is our web scraping algorithm for getting the publications used for the coauthor matrix. Note that this was run once to generate per_paper_vals_v1.csv. This method is incomplete, and there are surely papers that were missed (based on limits of PubMed, or with problems with name matching, etc.)
